Split panels into panels and discussions (#285)
SORSE/sorse.github.io: _programme_teams/discussions.md

---
title: Open Discussions
team: discussions
---

> Propose the Discussion Session topic if there is something that you would like to discuss with a broader audience and get opinions and ideas from fellow RSEs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Propose a Discussion Session if there is something that you would like to discuss with a broader audience and get opinions and ideas from fellow RSEs.
```

Wording

This session should include an introduction to the discussion topic and the specific questions that the participants should address.
Depending on the number of participants, you may consider splitting the group into the breakout rooms with 4-5 people each.

> This session lasts 1½ hours long, and we ask groups to take notes. We recommend that in the last 20 minutes of the session groups turn their notes into a speed blog post, which will  then be published.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This session is 1.5 hours long, and we ask groups to take notes. We recommend that in the last 20 minutes of the session groups turn their notes into a speed blog post, which will  then be published.
```
